{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh22880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Episode 28:\
The savegery of the Saiyajins. God and Piccolo die.\
\
The begins with Nappa firing his attack at Gohan. Gohan is screaming at the blast is approaching him. Piccolo was running towards Gohan. Piccolo appears in front of Gohan and takes the blast. He screams at the energy shreads his clothes killing his body. The area behind them explodes. Kuririn tries his best not to be blown away as he lays unmovable on the ground. Nappa smiles and you see the smoke clear. Piccolo is standing there shaking. Nappa gets a bit surprised about this.\
\
Gohan-"P..Piccolo-son."\
\
Piccolo-"Run..G..Gohan."\
\
Piccolo falls to the ground. Kuririn looks over in their direction. Gohan crawls over to\
Piccolo.\
\
Gohan-"Piccolo-son. Why did you save me?"\
\
Piccolo-"I said run. Hurry up or die."\
\
Gohan-"Please don't die. Dad will be here soon to get them. Don't, don't die."\
\
Nappa-"Idiot. I killed one of them out of order. I guess that's okay. It doesn't matter anyway."\
\
The scene goes to Goku flying on kinto.\
\
Goku-"One of the ki's is disappearing fast. Someone's dying?!"\
\
The scene then goes to God's temple. God is barely standing on his own feet, panting.\
\
Mr. Popo-"God?"\
\
God-"My life is finnaly coming to an end. Goku didn't make it in time. But in the end, Piccolo surpassed even me. I'm glad."\
\
God begins to disappear.\
\
Mr. Popo-"God!"\
\
The scene goes back to Gohan and Piccolo.\
\
Piccolo-"How pathetic. The great Demon Piccolo...to save a kid...this is the worst."\
\
Gohan-"Uncle!"\
\
Piccolo-"Gohan..you're the only one that ever talked to me normally."\
\
Piccolo lays there smiling. He has a flashback of Gohan after being thrown in the river in order to wake him up after defeating Raditzu. Then of Piccolo hitting Gohan to the ground during their training. Piccolo then punches at him and Gohan dodges. Piccolo smiles. He then fires a blast knocking Gohan over the edge of the cliff. Gohan holds on to the edge with one hand and Piccolo steps on it knocking Gohan off the cliff. Piccolo sits and waits for Gohan to get back up.\
\
Piccolo-"The year I spent with you...it wasn't bad."\
\
Gohan-(As Nappa walks towards them and Vegita descends to the ground) "Uncle!"\
\
Piccolo-"Don't die..Go..Go.."\
\
Piccolo dies\
\
Gohan-"UNCLE!!!!"\
\
God-(disappearing) "Mr. Popo..take care of things after me."\
\
He dies as well\
\
Mr. Popo-"God! God!!!"\
\
Kuririn-"Go..Gohan?"\
\
Gohan rises screaming in anger. Vegita's scouter jumps. Gohan stares towards Nappa in pure anger.\
\
Nappa-"Huh? You want to take me on?!"\
\
Gohan-(Raising his arms) "MASENKO!"\
\
Nappa gets surprised.\
\
Kuririn-"Amazing ki."\
\
Gohan gathers ki into his palm and forms a ball of energy.\
\
Vegita-"700..1200...2400."\
\
The scouter locks on his battle reading.\
\
Vegita-"2800!? They really can raise their battle power a huge amount.\
\
Nappa-"He's at 2800?!"\
\
Gohan fires and Nappa punches the blast away and into a nearby mountain, destroying it. Gohan stands shocked.\
\
Kuririn-"Gohan."\
\
Nappa-(Rubbing his arm) "Not bad. That's amazing for a kid. My arm went a little numb."\
\
Vegita-"His battle power fell drastically. Looks like he used it all up."\
\
Kuririn-"Too strong. They're too strong."\
\
The scene goes to showing the Kame house. You hear Chichi and Ox screaming.\
\
Chichi-"Let me go!"\
\
Ox-"Chichi..oh Chichi..calm down!"\
\
Buruma-"That's dangerous."\
\
The door slams open and Chichi fires the gun. You see Baba with a bunch of bullet holes.\
\
Baba-"So much energy."\
\
Everyone-"Baba-chan!?"\
\
Baba-"Goku just passed Karin tower."\
\
Buruma-"But will he make it in time?"\
\
Oolong-"We don't need a TV to watch, we can use her crystal ball."\
\
Baba-"You idiot! You can't use my sacred crystal ball for that!"\
\
They grab her and pull her into the house.\
\
Buruma-"Just let us use it."\
\
They drag her head in and open the door and grab her hat. The scene then goes to Piccolo's dead body and Gohan panting.\
\
Gohan-"I'm sorry Piccolo-son...I couldn't avenge you."\
\
Nappa walks toward Gohan\
\
Kuririn-"Gohan. Run! Run away!"\
\
Nappa-"I'll make sure to send you to hell this time kid."\
\
Gohan-"I don't have any strength left."\
\
Nappa stops right in front of Gohan and smiles\
\
Nappa-(laughing)\
\
Kuririn-"D...damn it."\
\
Nappa lifts up his leg\
\
Nappa-"I'm looking forward to seeing the expression on Kakarotto's face, when he sees his son smashed to a pulp!"\
\
Nappa slams his foot down towards Gohan, a shadow is shown flying quickly passed the screen, and Nappa's foot hits the ground. Nappa stands in shock. Vegita jumps. It shows that Gohan is no longer at that area. Kuririn stares baffled. A shadow is shown moving slowly, Nappa turns and sees the kinto with Gohan on it.\
\
Gohan-"Huh? Kinto?"\
\
Kuririn still stares baffled.\
\
Nappa-"W..what's that?"\
\
Vegita stares surprised and looks up to see Goku floating above them. Goku flies down, Nappa looks over and Gohan sees his father.\
\
Gohan-"D..Dad!"\
\
Kuririn-(smiles) "Goku!"\
\
Vegita flies over closer to Goku\
\
Vegita-"You finally showed up."\
\
Vegita stands smiling, Goku stands pissed, Kuririn is still smiling. Nappa is shocked that Goku is there and Gohan is smiling as well. The scene shows Goku standing there with the sun shining on him. Vegita stares a little worried.\
\
Kuririn-"Goku..we've been waiting for you."\
\
Gohan-(Crying) "Dad."\
\
Nappa gets angry\
\
Vegita-"What are you doing here Kakarotto? Not to tell us a stupid joke like you're going to defeat us?"\
\
Goku starts walking towards Nappa and Vegita follows him with his eyes. Goku walks over to Piccolo and feels for his pulse.\
\
Goku-"Piccolo?"\
\
Gohan-"Piccolo-son died protecting me."\
\
Goku looks over to see Tenshinhan's dead body.\
\
Goku-"Tenshinhan?"\
\
He then turns his head to see Yamucha's\
\
Goku-"Yamucha."\
\
Nappa-"Is it a shock your stupid friends are dead? There was another little runt that blew himself up."\
\
Goku looks over at Nappa with a really pissed expression on his face.\
\
Nappa-"He had more power then you'd expect a runt to have."\
\
A flashback of Chaozu blowing himself up on Nappa is shown\
\
Nappa-"Although he was never a match for Nappa."\
\
Goku-"I see. Chaozu too. And God! Damn!"\
\
Nappa-"Theres no need to be sad, you'll see them soon. You were brought back to life and now you came here."\
\
Goku stands pissed shaking in anger\
\
Vegita-"His battle reading keeps rising."\
\
Goku starts walking over directly to Nappa. Naugh starts laughing.\
\
Nappa-"What? Do you want to die already? Consider this my greeting!"\
\
Nappa punches at Goku. Goku vanishes. Nappa stands shocked and looks around to find Goku.\
\
Vegita-"He's fast."\
\
Nappa turns to see Goku walking towards his son\
\
Goku-"Gohan, over here. (Showing Kuririn) Kuririn."\
\
Kuririn-"Goku."\
\
Goku-(Kneeling) I'm sorry I'm late. I'm glad you both made it. Each of you can eat half of this."\
\
Kuririn-"Its a senzu. Lord Karin still had some left?"\
\
Goku-"This is the last one."\
\
Kuririn-(While showing Nappa and Vegita) "Then you should eat it."\
\
Goku-"Don't worry. I already ate one."\
\
Kuririn-"Keep it just in case. It won't do any good if we get our energy back."\
\
Goku-"Don't worry about silly things. If you don't eat it, I'll throw it away."\
\
Kuririn eats the half that Goku broke off\
\
Kuririn-"Thanks." (I know this isn't the translation but I couldn't here the word well enough to fix it. If you know it please send it in so I can get rid of this)\
\
Goku-(Givng Gohan one of the senzus) "You too Gohan."\
\
Kuririn gets up fully restored and Gohan jumps off the kinto also restored\
\
Goku-"Kuririn, you've gotten a whole lot stronger. I can tell by you're ki."\
\
Kuririn-"That's what I thought, but I can't do anything against those guys. They're too strong. I watched the others die right in front of me."\
\
Goku-"Gohan. I almost didn't recognize you. You must have trained hard."\
\
Gohan-"Piccolo-son trained me, but I couldn't do anything. Now that Piccolo-son is dead, we'll never be able to use the dragonballs again. Noone will come back to life."\
\
They stand there angry thinking about the events. Gohan is about to cry\
\
Kuririn-"Let's avenge their deaths. Now that Goku's joined us, we might be able to take one! Right Goku? You trained with an awesome guy named Kaio right?"\
\
Goku-"Yeah, but I'm going to fight them by myself. You guys stand back and watch. Make sure you don't get involved."\
\
Gohan and Kuririn are shocked to hear this\
\
Kuririn-"By yourself?! Thats too much, even for you Goku. Their strength is way beyond our imagining."\
\
Gohan-"He's right Dad!"\
\
Goku looks over at Nappa and Vegita really angry. His ki begins to eminate around him. Goku starts walking over towards the Saiyajins.\
\
Kuririn-"Goku?"\
\
Gohan-(Running towards Goku) "Dad!"\
\
Kuririn grabs Gohan\
\
Kuririn-"Let Goku handle it."\
\
Gohan-"But.."\
\
Kuririn-"I've never seen Goku show such anger. There's no room for us."\
\
Goku walks over there and Nappa and Vegita are shown. Goku continues walking and Nappa gets into a stance to be ready for Goku.\
\
The scene goes to Kame house\
\
Baba-(While showing Kame house) "You'd better pay me well for letting you watch."\
\
She does a encantation. The ball shows Goku\
\
Ox-"Goku!"\
\
Chichi-"Where's Gohan-chan?"\
\
The ball shows Kuririn and Gohan\
\
Chichi-"Gohan! He's alive. I'm so glad."\
\
She faints\
\
Ox-"Chichi! Goku and Gohan are fighting! You have to be strong."\
\
Buruma-"Son-kun! Get those those Saiyajins!"\
\
The ball shows Piccolo's dead body\
\
Roshi-"Piccolo!"\
\
Everyone looks at the ball\
\
Roshi-"They even killed Piccolo! Which means we can't use the dragonballs anymore!"\
\
Everyone gets shocked\
\
Buruma-"Then all of them can't come back to life?"\
\
Roshi shakes his head yes and Oolong is trying his best not to cry. The ball shows Goku and Nappa\
\
Nappa-"I don't like that look on your face! Do you want me to kill you that quickly?"\
\
Goku-"I won't forgive you!"\
\
Goku powers up and rocks from the ground begin rising. Nappa watches in amasement. Vegita does as well.\
\
Gohan-"Amazing Dad!"\
\
Vegita-"His battle reading is 7000..8000! No way."\
\
Goku screams and finishes powering up. The rocks fall back to the ground.\
\
Nappa-"What's Kakarotto's battle reading!?"\
\
Vegita takes off his scouter\
\
Vegita-(Crushing the scouter) "Over 8000!"\
\
Nappa-"8000!? That has to be some kind of mistake! A malfunction!"\
\
Goku-"Don't worry. I won't use the kaioken with you."\
\
Vegita-"Kaioken?"\
\
Nappa-(Running at Goku) "You're no match for Nappa!"\
\
He jumps at Goku. Goku vanishes and kicks Nappa in the back of the neck. Nappa falls to the ground and his face slams on the ground nose first.\
\
Vegita-"What?"\
\
Kuririn-"What did he do..just now?"\
\
Nappa starts getting up\
\
Nappa-"When did he manage to get behind me? You're!"\
\
Goku-"For a guy that bragged you're not that much."\
\
Nappa-"W..what did you say! I'm not much?!"\
\
Goku-"That's right. I can tell by your attack just now!"\
\
Nappa-(Powering up) "Then show me what you found out!"\
\
Nappa runs at Goku and tries to punch him, Goku easily dodges it. Nappa tries a kick and Goku again moves with ease. Nappa begins to throw puches and kicks at blinding speed, none of which hit Goku. Nappa kicks at him, Goku jumps in the air. Nappa tries to punch him there, and Goku flips over the punch landing behind Nappa. Nappa punches as he turns, and Goku ducks dodging the hit. Nappa then begins throwing more punches and kicks that still can't hit Goku.\
\
Vegita-"Strange. His battle reading is completely different from when he fought Raditzu."\
\
More kicks and punches are being thrown and Goku still dodges everyone. Nappa tries one last powered up punch and Goku vanishes. Nappa stands staring not understanding how he moved that quickly.\
\
Goku-"Over here!"\
\
Nappa turns and sees Goku standing a little behind him. Nappa gets really pissed.\
\
Kuririn-"Did you see your Dad's movements?"\
\
Gohan-(Shakes no) "Dad's amazing."\
\
Nappa stares at Goku really angry.\
\
Vegita-"What's going on? How did Kakarotto become this strong in such a short period?"\
\
Goku gets ready and runs at Nappa. When he's about there, he vanishes and appears on Nappa's head. Nappa tries to grab his legs and Goku jumps down and punches his gut. Nappa grabs his gut in pain. He steps a little away from Goku.\
\
Goku-"That was for Chaozu!"\
\
Narrator-"Goku is awesome. Will he be able to protect the Earth from the Saiyajins?"\
\
\'a9 SSJ4Majin}